Ready Steady Go hey guys welcome to my
channel today I wanted to share with you
some professions that you can learn
online and professions that allow you to
work online in the past four years the
online part of my income has started
growing really really fast so I just
wanted to share some ideas how you can
do this too
[Music]
in this video I'm going to talk about
professions that you can either start
doing right now or take a two-three week
or maybe like two month course online
and start working profession number one
translating what I thought about
translating it's better to translate
from English into your own language so
for example if you're Spanish you can
translate from English into Spanish
because this is what's most in-demand
because if you're a Spanish speaker it
wouldn't be the best idea to translate
from Spanish into English without proper
like really good education unless you're
bilingual but if you know good English
if you're upper intermediate and with
some help of the dictionary you would be
able to translate into Spanish this is
awesome a great website to look for
different job postings is upward comm
and I went on up work and checked what
are the jobs for Spanish speakers and
you can find tasks that are worth 500
1000 dollars and imagine if you are from
a poor country poorer compared to
America what you make online is actually
a lot of my translation translator
selected profession number two or like
task number two is to edit text again
this is coming from my own experience if
you're a native speaker if you speak
English and you want to help other
people like there are so many people
studying English and using it every day
who are not native speakers and there's
so many emails being written in English
with so many mistakes there are so many
essays being written for American
British Australian Canadian universities
there is so many resumes being written
in English and all of those people need
help this is why we started fluent
Express we're a native speaker instantly
corrects your attacks in English and if
you're a native speaker or like super
advanced English language learner you
can go ahead and sign up the email will
be here this is Joe who managed his
fluent Express and he would be able to
unboard you if you're qualified enough
again if you're an English native
speaker so many jobs they can do online
starting with teaching Chinese kids
English for example because this is a
huge market editing texts and just
helping foreigners with their English
just the converse
practice English online activity number
three software testing and this is
something I found out about when I moved
to Silicon Valley and the thing is with
software testing you only need like
maybe three or four months to learn it
some people take a year but again it
depends on how good you are with the
computer but in order to start learning
QA testing you just need to be good with
computer know how to search internet
know how to create folders you know know
how to use word in Excel and people make
so much money like this is a number one
profession in Silicon Valley for those
who don't have computer science
education and want to do something with
tech because the salaries are pretty
high and again as I mentioned you can
learn it pretty fast so for example
there is this burden of computer school
started by a fellow Russian he started
at 20 years ago he actually moved to
Silicon Valley in the 90s and realized
this is something he could do and then
he started doing it started a school
they had more than a thousand students
from all over the world and they have
different programs like the only loss
only costs a thousand dollars and you
learn everything about software testing
they'll also help you with your resume
and if you're here in Silicon Valley and
we want to do it offline you pay forty
five hundred dollars and you get the
offline full time course and internship
in a local company so you get work
experience and I checked on Glassdoor
and by the way Glassdoor is one of the
best resources to find how much people
are earning and QA engineer remote QA
engineer so you can work from home makes
sixty three thousand dollars a year
which is again like if I were in Russia
and I did this sixty-three thousand
dollars we were like a lot of money I'm
telling you a profession number four is
a landing page designer there are so
many small businesses out there and
there are so many tools to create
landing pages like Wix comm instapage
com
so you basically do not need to know how
to code you just drag and drop things
and I've done so many landing pages for
língua trip when I first did it it took
me like maybe two hours when I did it
last time two weeks ago it took me
thirty minutes because I know everything
so once you master that skill
you can just do you know till ending
pagers the day and I checked out a web
site called fiverr.com it started as a
website where you could get any job done
for five dollars but now they've
transformed their idea a little self the
prices range from $5 to you know
hundreds and there are different
postings of people who can create a
landing page for you and the price
ranges from $50 to $100 so again if you
make like five landing pages per day you
can make $500 again depends on your
skills students on how much you like it
and I think you need to have some of
like taste for ux/ui the design how
everything looks like then you just help
people save their time and small
businesses can concentrate on selling
and you can help them create the website
web designers the next profession the
next skill copywriting if you love texts
then listen carefully every business is
now concentrated on creating content cuz
content is King content is how you find
clients content is how you educate them
first there is a huge demand for good
texts for different web sites in
different languages like lingua trade
was translated into six languages so we
need tax in all of them there are
Instagram bloggers and Instagram is this
platform which started as a platform
where you just post pictures and now is
transforming to a platform where you
post a picture and you have to give some
content like you have to write a good
text and give people some value and
these stacks are not coming from nowhere
they not just oh here's the text it's
really a lot of effort like I'm not a
writer and I would spend like maybe half
an hour per Instagram post just for the
text and there is an additional photo
part so it takes a lot of time I would
not be able to write all of the articles
for a website so we constantly look for
good copywriters and there are
constantly thousands of companies out
there looking for good copywriters and
Instagram bloggers like not every single
blogger can write good texts
well Kinsey copywriter the next video
editor somebody who I started to look
for maybe when I was six months into
YouTube because first again I had no
education in view at
nothing I just filmed a video with my
iPhone took my iPhone open the iMovie
and try to crop it and you know what try
and do a video in iMovie it comes out so
good the the program is really the the
soft is really easy if really easy to
understand really easy to work with and
then you get magic so there's so many
people who are starting YouTube blogs
and professional video companies charge
oh my god I just realized they charge
like fifteen thousand dollars per video
you don't have to do that although if
you're professional you can totally go
that way but if you just want some
freelance income and wanna help people
edit some videos like beginner YouTube
bloggers fifteen dollars an hour twenty
dollars an hour on average it takes like
five to six hours to edit a video again
you're gonna work on create your
portfolio and you know another thing for
everyone doesn't matter what job you're
looking at start with creating a
portfolio on some of the websites and
you can do some jobs for free maybe you
have clients maybe you don't maybe
you're just studying out do some jobs
for free like for a review so you can
get a five star rating maybe like three
or four of them and then organic orders
will start coming in some of the soft
for video editing that I would advise
iMovie then Adobe Premiere and Sony
Vegas this is what we youtubers use a
lot the next photo editing I just found
this blogger millions of subscribers
Peter McKinnon he teaches you how to
edit photos so they can look really
really good so all you need to start
photo edit you can actually start with
the easiest soft like that is free vsco
Lightroom is free for for the iPhone
what else there you Snapseed all of the
apps and again there are so many
Instagram bloggers there are so many
companies that are starting Instagram
and if you would help them make it look
more professional better with a better
layout better colouring they would hire
you a hundred percent so again you can
start experimenting with your own
Instagram because I guess Instagram
would be the platform where you would
sell your services and I would advise
you to make your Instagram look good and
then try to DM
but on Instagram reach out to them and
say hey this isn't how my profile looks
like I see that you're trying to sell
through Instagram but your photos are
not really well don't say that tell them
you can improve their performance by 30
or 40 percent and you're willing to do
it for free for a week again you're
doing this review and for your
experience and then you will just start
collecting money basically 30% of our
employees of my team came from this kind
of thing when they just reach out on
social media helped me for free and I
realize they're really good and I just
hire them so this is my advice for you
on how to make the first steps I use the
magic of photo editing software if you
realize that a photo editing you love it
video editing you love it maybe blogging
is something you would love to do and
vlogging is this thing that doesn't have
a limit so on all of the other jobs that
I'm mentioning here yes you are limited
by your time but your skills etc with
YouTube once you post a video it can go
viral and you can get millions of views
so there is no limit one of my friends
yeah 700,000 followers on his YouTube
channel and his videos get over a
million views every time you post some
of his videos get like 50 million views
he does kids content and he makes
$40,000 a month it lives a happy life it
pays a lot of taxes though and yeah
enjoys his life in Florida and does
really nothing like two videos a month
he understands that this is not a job
that he could maintain throughout his
life but this is a great source of
income he's in his 30s then enjoys life
makes some savings speaking of pimples
let's roll so if you have this urge to
talk about something don't postpone like
the best time to start is now take out
your phone and start recording boast a
couple of videos you don't have to start
making income straight away like I got
my first hundred dollar check from
YouTube when I was six months into my
Russian Channel and I had like 10,000
followers it wouldn't start coming in
really fast but once you start growing
the checks will be bigger and bigger but
you cannot start blogging just for the
sake of making money cuz you know gonna
love it but if you love to talk go ahead
YouTube is the best platform you can
also start at Instagram it
pay for the views but again you can sell
stuff through Instagram later or get
paid ads see your library another job
that requires no education at all just
basic knowledge of computer and research
skills some things that I've used a lot
called virtual assistant back in 2015
when we just came to Silicon Valley and
decided to start fundraising we needed a
list of investors who invested in
education so I went to an upwork.com
looked for virtual assistants found that
girl in Thailand who charged I don't
remember but was like five dollars a per
hour and she walked for ten hours I paid
her $50 she came up with a list of
sixteen masters who were really happy
and I also realized that if I hired
somebody in California in California the
minimum wage per hour is fifteen dollars
I would have paid a lot a lot more and
this is why so many people in America
outsource the tasks outsourcing college
it's a brilliant idea because they pay
less but at the same time when you're in
a country with lower income you make so
much money
actually you make a lot more that you
would have made if you worked offline in
a you know regular 9:06 job by the way
for all of the jobs that are mentioned
here you don't have to quit your job you
do your 906 or sorry either your 9:00 to
5:00 come back home eat your dinner and
dedicate a couple more hours to
something that you're really passionate
about something that you love and
something that might transform your life
and create a whole new career for you
assistant yeah virtual okay and the last
but not the least something really
particular something that is not really
widely spoken about I picked this idea
from Gary Vaynerchuk one of my favorite
bloggers you got your perspective
and I realized I've actually done it
already
this is called like starting a small a
based or what he's just doing if you
live in a country with garage sales like
America has a lot of garage sales you go
there people sell their things like one
or two dollars and they are worth a lot
more I'll tell you my story 2015 we
moved to Mountain View we had $2,000 for
everything we had a one-bedroom
apartment three people and I had to buy
all the furniture like everything for
apartment for $2,000 soand on a garage
sale and people were selling like all
the kitchen utensils for one or two
dollars I got a lot of them brought them
home and then in six months we needed to
move out and we went back to Russia so I
started selling all of that stuff and
actually sold then with a markup like
fifty one-hundred percent markup and
this is what you can do so Gary does
this serious way he just goes on
Saturday buys a lot of stuff and then
resells it on eBay and he says you can
make like 500 1000 extra dollars a week
I heard it garage sales said that was it
from you guys I hope you enjoyed this
content if this was useful for you and
you think you're gonna apply some of the
device in your real life please please
please like this video leave a comment
below if you've ever tried a freelance
job and what it was because maybe it
will be a great idea for my next video
so your freelance so waiting for your
comments if you're not says yes
subscribe to this channel hit subscribe
and again all you need to start is your
computer maybe your phone sometime one
or two hours and most important desire
to make more money to live a better life
and to do more cool stuff so you have
everything now go ahead and start
working I'll see you in the next logs
bye